So just working with they created for these Web site and for this for the section and for example you
can inspect right here and you will find that we have columns three columns nine so what don't going
to start working with those select or so we're going to copy these.
And before I start adding some code to those selectors I'm going to write me the equity on the screen
and I mean with x 768 pixels and what are going on home page Conkey got they were.
And we're going to have columns 3 and then we're going to pace again we're going to have columns 9 so
filled for example the columns the week with 25 percent then it's going to flow to the left.
And finally it's going to have a body and right of one the other ones into the with 75 percent and that's
going to be float to the left so save these and reload and you can see this is looking nice.
We have these on the left and these on the right.
But you can see these Gropper the five is really really smart and we need to add something.
We need to fix these.
And this is really coming when you are working with laugh when you're working with floats.
It's really come on that department.
Elliman big capes and the Iberians is like this one.
The good thing is that this is something that you can fix really really easily.
So for example I'm going to copy these.
The Baron is going to be the content right here.
So we're going to copy and paste and rafted and I'm going out after and always when you are working
with pseudo elements you have to have the content inside single quotes and then we're going to display
table and then we're going to have a clear board.
This is commonly known as a clear fix.
So always when you're working with floats you have to clear the part in using these Disko that we have
here.
And this is what happens when you add on a clear view of floats.
So if you're low right here now you can see that this is fixed.
And this is look nice.
So we're going to finish these and go back up with the selector and we're going to target these brogues.
They are use U.S. and L.A. we add the glass broke so we're going to copy these these bad right here.
Where are you seeing these companies compared to some good category.
And then we're going to one page come kid category and I'm going at last
Sophrony kid I'm going to have a map of the bottom.
It's going to be Ciro and here that the one that is you'll see and I can close these the last child
going at Madigan right.
It's going to be is going to be important right here HATSELL so save these undernote and now you can
see that this is looking really really nice.
So of course we can make something here in the with the Madigan's with the margins and everything.
You can see that we have these margins right here because 29 in a row of numbers maybe a ratio.
We cannot wait to 3 percent in a margin right.
Again 0.5 percent.
And say these and reload and you can see he's looking great.
And of course you can play with these values you can either do two that's going to be or percent right
here.
And get us looking nice.
And since we added this in the media if I may.
This is malheur.
You can see that the content flow is really nice and we have something like this.
So maybe right here we can add some myspace I scroll to the top here and another Margolin bottom of
Wim
you can see who has and separationist you can close these.
And now you can see we have something like this.
So this is looking really nice in my opinion.
And this is the way that you work with something like this.
First if you remember we added this function to the database.
And here we're seeing a lot of different functionality comer's we are writing a hook then we're using
the shortcuts that commerce provides.
That is the complete list in this page.
And then we're using some sense to make this look really really nice.
Here you can see we have the Bronx in your country here.
And this will help in the product category with computers.
This will display all the categories and Rachida games.
If I scroll to the top you can see that we upload a page.
And when I select everything in here I'm going to click it on it and it will comments what I want to
commend that line.
Now you can reload and I you can see a couple of the Prague's.
This was also the code I was showing that something that you can make with using filters started up
and again the front end.
And yeah definitely I think these these are 90 studies looking great.
In my opinion of course.
So in the next video you can see we have almost everything in the next video we're going to see how
you can add something like these into your into the page and it's going to be right after the bestseller's
right here.
So let's see if you can do that in the next video.